o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke1
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023194
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-33
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke1
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647191514
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-71
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke1
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647256792
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-111
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke1
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647690591
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-130
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke1
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647830554
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-39
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke1
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648403444
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-34
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke1
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648569020
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-27
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke1
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648725997
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-53
