o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke0
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023165
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-51
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023375
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-5
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023467
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023501
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023529
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023548
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023573
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023593
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023617
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023631
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023643
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023658
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023681
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023694
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023724
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023735
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023748
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023777
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023793
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023806
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023819
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023835
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023849
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023866
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023882
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023900
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023916
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023930
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023943
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023958
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023976
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-30
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024017
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024086
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024098
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024115
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024130
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024162
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024175
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-3
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024207
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024221
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024234
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024246
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024258
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024282
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024301
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024394
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024452
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024530
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024545
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024556
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024569
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024594
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024605
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024621
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024632
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024639
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024652
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024661
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024672
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024681
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024691
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024702
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024727
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024773
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024796
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024847
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024885
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024900
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024917
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024933
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024942
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024954
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024973
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647024993
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-11
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025013
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025023
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025033
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025047
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025057
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025066
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025074
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025083
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025092
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025101
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025109
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025127
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025144
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025155
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025168
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025178
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025195
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025215
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025225
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025234
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025250
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025265
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025273
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025281
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025291
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025299
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647025307
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647052034
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.k.r.rest.ModelHandlerResource - Before EMF Serialisation
o.k.r.rest.ModelHandlerResource - after EMF Serialisation
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke0
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647191235
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-51
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647191296
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-5
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647191556
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647191825
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647192053
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647192267
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647192496
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647192711
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647192951
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647193173
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647193389
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647193607
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647193830
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-713
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647194545
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647194804
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647195036
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647195252
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647195558
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647195778
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647196010
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647196264
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-3
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647196481
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647196698
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647196914
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647197133
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647197351
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647197561
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647197774
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647197987
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647198279
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647198513
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647198727
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647198960
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647199205
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647199529
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647199805
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647200018
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647200303
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647200520
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647200796
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647201072
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-4
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647201299
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647201568
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647201784
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647202043
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647202301
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647202538
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647202763
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647202975
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647203187
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647203450
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647203664
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647203942
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647204158
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647204381
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647204663
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647204949
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647205164
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-33
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647205407
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647205619
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647205894
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647206105
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647206320
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647206606
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647206840
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647207061
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647207281
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647207497
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647207725
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647208026
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647208284
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647208492
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647208707
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647208914
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647209122
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647209420
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647209629
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647209836
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647210119
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647210348
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647210588
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647210801
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647211078
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647211291
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647211508
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647211727
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647211937
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647212148
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647212358
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647212575
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647212792
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647213014
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647213294
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647213518
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647213800
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647214075
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647214286
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647214497
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647214724
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647214932
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647215153
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647229175
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke0
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647256448
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-212
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647256689
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-18
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647257266
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647257798
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647258313
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647258844
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647259356
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647259870
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647260383
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647260895
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647261408
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647261924
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647262436
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-3
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647262949
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647263464
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647263976
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647264488
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647265008
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647265521
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647266031
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647266543
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647267055
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647267565
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647268075
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647268587
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647269096
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647269608
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647270121
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647270632
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647271144
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647271655
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647272166
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647272677
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647273189
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647273699
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647274209
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647274720
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647275232
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647275749
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647276259
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647276770
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647277283
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647277798
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647278307
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647278819
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647279331
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647279841
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647280351
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647280860
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647281385
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647281894
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647282470
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647282980
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647283491
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647283999
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647284509
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647285017
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647285527
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647286037
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647286548
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647287057
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647287569
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647288080
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647288590
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647289100
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647289607
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647290115
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647290630
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647291137
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647291647
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647292156
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647292672
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647293207
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647293714
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647294221
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647294730
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647295238
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647295744
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647296252
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647296759
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647297266
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647297773
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647298280
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647298788
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647299295
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647299802
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647300309
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647300816
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647301323
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647301830
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647302337
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647302845
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647303353
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647303861
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647304369
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647304878
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647305385
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647305893
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647306402
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647306908
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647307416
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647667553
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-6
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647667561
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647667562
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647667563
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647667565
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647667566
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke0
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647690546
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-101
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647690764
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-11
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647691342
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647691869
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647692386
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647692916
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647693427
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647693942
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647694454
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647694966
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647695480
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647695999
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647696511
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647697025
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647697547
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647698065
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647698576
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647699090
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647699613
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647700126
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647700639
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647701152
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647701662
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647702208
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647702728
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647703239
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647703749
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647704261
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647704772
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647705287
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647705799
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647706309
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647706821
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647707331
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647707843
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647708352
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647708864
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647709375
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647709885
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647710396
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647710908
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke0
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647830249
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-224
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647830513
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-17
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647831055
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647831574
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647832089
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647832619
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647833132
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647833645
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647834157
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647834678
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647835194
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647835710
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647836225
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647836737
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647837252
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647837765
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647838276
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647838801
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647839317
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647839831
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647840340
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647840855
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647841366
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647841904
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647842415
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647842925
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647843436
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647843947
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647844457
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647844968
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647845479
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647845992
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647846513
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647847023
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647847534
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647848044
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647848554
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647849067
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647849578
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647850088
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647850598
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647851117
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647851629
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647852149
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647852670
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647853184
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647853695
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647854205
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647854716
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647855240
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647855749
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647856258
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647856769
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647857277
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647857796
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647858304
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647858814
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647859323
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647859833
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647860341
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647860849
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647861359
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647861868
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647862375
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647862904
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647863415
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647863922
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647864431
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647864940
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647865449
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647865957
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647866465
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647866973
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647867481
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647867988
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647868496
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647869003
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647869512
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647870020
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647870527
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647871034
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647871542
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647872050
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647872557
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647873064
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647873571
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647874079
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647874595
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647875112
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647875620
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647876126
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647876634
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647877141
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647877649
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-189223
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648066873
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-4
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 5
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648066881
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-5
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 5
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648066887
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 4
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648066892
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 3
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648066893
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke0
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648403121
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-33
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648403196
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-106
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648403875
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648404399
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648404914
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648405454
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-6
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648405981
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648406494
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648407012
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648407529
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648408045
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-3
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648408561
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648409075
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648409586
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648410102
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648410615
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648411128
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648411645
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648412161
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648412674
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648413187
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648413700
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648414211
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648414724
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648415279
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648415791
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648416304
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648416813
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648417324
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648417836
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648418349
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648418860
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648419373
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648419884
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648420394
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648420905
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648421416
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648421927
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648422438
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648422949
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648423464
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648423981
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648424492
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648425002
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648425534
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648426048
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648426561
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648427070
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648427581
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648428091
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648428602
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648429113
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648429623
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648430132
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648430641
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648431151
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648431659
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648432167
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648432675
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648433183
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648433692
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648434214
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648434722
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648435230
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648435740
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648436248
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648436756
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648437265
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648437776
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648438284
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648438794
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648439302
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648439859
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648440367
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648440875
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648441382
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648441890
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648442398
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648442906
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648443413
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648443921
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648444429
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648444937
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648445444
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648445952
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648446459
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648446968
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648447476
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648447983
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648448491
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648448999
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648449506
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648450014
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648450524
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-108112
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648558639
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648558641
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648558645
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648558653
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648558655
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke0
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648568811
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-57
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648568893
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-6
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648569536
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648570082
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648570601
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648571135
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648571648
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648572158
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648572669
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648573181
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648573693
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648574207
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648574729
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648575263
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648575776
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648576289
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648576802
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648577316
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648577831
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648578346
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648578860
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648579372
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648579884
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648580421
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648580943
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648581456
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648581965
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648582475
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648582985
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648583496
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648584011
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648584523
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648585035
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648585546
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648586058
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648586568
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648587079
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648587591
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648588103
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648588613
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648589125
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648589642
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648590152
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648590663
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648591186
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648591701
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648592210
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648592719
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648593265
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648593761
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648594270
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648594782
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648595293
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648595804
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648596315
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648596825
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648597334
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648597841
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648598349
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648598859
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648599369
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648599878
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648600394
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648600904
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648601428
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648601937
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648602445
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648602959
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648603466
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648603974
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648604481
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648604989
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648605497
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648606003
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648606512
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648607020
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648607528
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648608037
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648608545
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648609053
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648609560
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648610068
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648610576
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648611083
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648611590
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648612097
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648612605
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648613112
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648613620
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648614127
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648614634
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648615142
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648615649
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648616157
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-100034
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke0
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648726030
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-44
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648726256
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-97
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648726931
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648727463
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648727977
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648728510
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648729022
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648729537
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648730050
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648730565
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648731085
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648731599
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648732111
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648732623
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648733137
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648733649
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648734163
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648734676
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648735188
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648735701
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648736213
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648736724
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648737234
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648737746
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648738259
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648738773
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648739282
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648739793
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648740303
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648740817
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648741328
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648741844
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648742356
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648742867
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648743377
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648743887
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648744398
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648744908
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648745421
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648745932
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648746443
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648746960
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648747473
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648747983
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648748518
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648749036
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648749545
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648750053
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648750562
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648751073
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648751584
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648752092
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648752613
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648753124
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648753635
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648754143
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648754651
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648755160
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648755667
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648756177
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648756684
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648757195
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648757707
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648758215
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648758723
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648759281
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648759789
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648760299
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648760817
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648761324
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648761831
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648762339
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648762863
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648763371
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648763880
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648764390
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648764898
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648765406
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648765914
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648766421
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648766928
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648767436
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648767945
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648768453
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648768961
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648769468
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648769976
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648770483
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648770990
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-1
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648771497
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648772005
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648772513
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648773021
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - UPDATE NODE duke0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
