o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke3
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023462
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke3
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-58
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke3
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647191609
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke3
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-25
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke3
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647256743
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke3
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-29
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke3
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647690639
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke3
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-87
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke3
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647830483
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke3
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-47
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke3
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648403441
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke3
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-47
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke3
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648568951
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke3
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-50
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke3
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648726098
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke3
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-28
