o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke2
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647023331
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-90
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke2
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647191509
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-58
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke2
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647256860
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-34
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke2
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647690605
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-110
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke2
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305647830354
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-92
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke2
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648403386
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-35
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke2
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648569060
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-25
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Start event : node name = duke2
o.k.p.o.s.BootstrapActivator - Try to bootstrap platform
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update asked
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Actor size 0
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Copy Model
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - update end
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Begin update model 1305648725986
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before kompare
o.k.kompare.KevoreeKompareBean - INIT NODE v2 duke2
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Before deploy
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - Deploy result true
o.kevoree.core.impl.KevoreeCoreBean - End deploy result=true-67
